your modem or router to help you
configure and get it join to your
wireless network when it first comes out
of the box first thing you need to do is
plug it into your modem or router
directly and get your wireless network
setup but that comes with the search
tool that which is on the CD and it also
comes with an instruction manual
basically a quick start guide to kind of
guide you through and show you it's
pretty pretty simple and straightforward
how to get it connected so it also comes
with the power adapter as you can see
right here and then you have the camera
in the base the base is actually pretty
sturdy base it's a looks industrial here
pretty solid base I'll show you the back
of the camera you got the ethernet you
also have an SD card slot where you can
actually put an SD card in there and
what that's for is if you have motion to
text set up you can set up your emotion
detection to capture snapshots on the SD
card in the event that you were to lose
your recorder we needed to capture some
video footage then you have audio in and
audio out being that it's ethernet IP
cameras are capable of two-way audio so
if you have a microphone and a speaker
you can actually talk to a back and
forth through it and then you just have
alarm inputs on the little green panel
right there the camera has 8 millimeter
lens so it's designed to be back a
little bit further from the target I
mean basically an eight millimeter lens
i would say should be around 15 feet to
20 feet maybe is your focal point it's a
fixed lens you can change these lenses
out to have varifocal lenses or you can
get four millimeter lenses or we're
going to be carrying some different
types of lenses based on the situation
and the customers need for a different
type of lens but for right now they just
come with eight millimeter lens
what I'm going to do I already logged in
you can log directly into the camera the
camera has built in software so I'll
just go ahead and show you that right
here it's a full full HD and it records
in this resolution also and I'm going to
kind of go through the steps right here
and I'll show you if you go to the
system setup right here I'm not sure if
you can see that but you have a network
a network alarm advanced system you can
go into your network and you have Wi-Fi
menu where you can join the network you
have a system menu where you can set the
date and time and things you have
advanced menu you have ftp where you can
set up your email alert so you can ftp
to a snapshot images to a remote server
you have your motion detection and
scheduled recording so you have all the
features and functions that you would
have with the regular analog system like
with a DVR recorder in this records you
record this directly to the hard drive
or you have the option of recording to
an NVR system we carry the NVR systems
there's two cameras currently that we
carry in stock that work with the NVR
system it's an a channel NVR and the NVR
will support in any amount of cameras
either the indoor the outdoor including
these box cameras here the other camera
the outdoor camera actually I'll just go
ahead and show you the outdoor camera
this is the outdoor camera it's kind of
a big camera but this one's wireless
these are the only two cameras that will
work with the NVR system in the nbrs
right here it's basically just a plug in
a network jack you can put up to a two
terabyte hard drive in there as you can
see it's flashing because of the hard
drive is recording there and that's
because the camera is logged in so this
type of this type of recording device is
a really great recording device and it's
a lot different from a DVR in the reason
for that is
you can have the NVR at a different
location then the cameras are actually
adds so that way if say you have a
business or something like that and you
have all your cameras at your business
in the event of a burglary or robbery or
anything like that if they're looking
for the DVR wanting to steal the DVR
that's not going to be possible because
the DVD and NVR can be in a different
location so that you can wire up to your
internet at home and you can stream your
cameras from anywhere and also to say
you wanted to put four cameras in your
home and four cameras in your business
you can record it all to one NVR we also
offer a service where we have a live
server where we backup all your data
directly and stream all your cameras
that service is being worked on right
now so if you interested in that you can
contact us that's going to be for
business or residential whichever type
of customers a need for a remote cloud
service so but that's basically it the
camera is a great little camera it's got
a nice little interface you got record
buttons on there you got snapshot
pictures you can change the video
streams if you go into that menu I don't
know if I showed you that I don't think
so that you have a video menu here and
you see the resolution here is 1280 by
720 and then you have a bit rate of 2048
and 25 frames per second you can change
the power line frequency 50 Hertz 60
Hertz and then you have a secondary
stream jpg stream so this also has free
ddns if you go to think the ddns is
under is
the under network here yeah remote
access it's under remote access you can
use the manufacturers ddns or you can
use your own third-party ddns but the
manufacturers ddns is free so it works
great I mean if your IP address changes
the ddns is built into the camera itself
so it'll automatically update so you
won't ever have to have any connectivity
problems if you have a IP address that
keeps changing with your modem so it
will work with Android phones and
iPhones you can use IP cam viewer to
view it remotely or you can use the
program there's also a program that
comes on the disc so IP cam viewers a
little bit more popular and it's also a
free app that you can download from your
market for either Android or iPhone so
that's pretty much it if you have any
questions about any of these products
just feel free to ask us give us a call
or send us an email or we also have live
chat you can purchase one of these on
zmodo direct com or you can purchase it
from rapid relays calm and we have
plenty of min stock so if you need a to
get one within a couple days just give
us a shout and we'll be able to get you
one shipped out you have any questions
give us a call 803 30 90 60